Units (each has an associated card):

Commander(*)
	Summon Range: 1 tile
	Movement: The Commander moves to target unoccupied tile within 1 tile any direction.
	Ability: Attacks enemy units in a radius of 1 tile.
	Passive: If captured, you lose the game.
Knight(Kn)
	Summon Range: 5 tiles 
	Movement: The Knight moves to target unoccupied tile within 3 tiles any direction.
	Ability: CHARGE - Attacks a 7 tile radius in vertical or horizontal manner.
Guard Tower(GT)
	Summon Range: 3 tiles
	Movement: No movement after initial placement.
	Ability: WATCHFUL EYE - Defends a 2 tile radius after initial placement, meaning any enemy unit moving onto one of those tiles will be destroyed.
Assassin(As)
	Summon range: 5 tiles
	Movement: Assassin moves to target unoccupied tile within 7 tiles diagonally.
	Ability: ASSASSINATE - Assassin destroys target unit within 2 tiles diagonally.
Firebound Apprentice(FS)
	Summon range: 3 tiles
	Movement: Firebound Mage moves to target unoccupied tile within 2 tiles vertical or horizontal
	Ability: BURN BRIGHT: Firebound Mage enters the battlefield with 5 charge counters. When a charge counter is removed from Firebound Mage, if it has no charge counters, destroy it.
	Ability: EXPLOSIVE ENTRANCE: Firebound Mage moves to target unoccupied tile within 7 tiles. Destroy each unit within 1 tile of Firebound Mage.
		Remove 2 charge counters.
	Ability: FIREBOLT: Firebound Mage destroys target unit within 3 tiles. Remove 1 charge counter.


Non unit-summoning cards:   

Fireball
	Summon Range: 8 tiles
	Ability: The commander can use the card in a radius of 8 tiles. Upon using the card, it destroys in a 3 tile radius of where it was placed. 



Rules:

	1. Use your turn either by playing a card from your hand or using an ability of a unit you control.
	2. Place your units strategically to protect your Commander and threaten the enemy Commander.
	4. Units can be captured/destroyed by certain abilities and cards. If all means of capturing a Commander other than a Commander itself or Guard Tower are expended, the game ends in a draw.
	5. Capturing a Commander results in that Commander's controller losing the game. If both Commanders are captured at the same time, the game will result in a draw. 
